# Test

TODO: 30-OCT-2001


Most of this stuff is front-end UI stuff, but a lot of it also probably 
involves testing the network code and writing packet handlers, since the
server is pretty central to the way freeciv works.

o Options

The Game->Local Options and Game->Message Options should be available 
after connecting and need dialogs hooked up and some way of storing 
and saving client options.

o Other Game menu items

Server Opt Initial / Ongoing and Export / Clear Log need to be 
implemented. The first one probably involves some work on the network 
code.

o The Help System

The help system is mostly driven by help information sent to the client 
from the rulesets at game startup, but there is some static content too.

We need to put some UI on this. It would be cool if this was a dockable
pane, and even cooler if it were hyperlinked somehow. Quite a lot of work 
here.

o The Unit Stack / Unit code in general

The way in which the client tracks unit focus is a bit er.. unfinished at
the moment. Maybe a bit of design work involved in this.

The unit stack is the control on the left of the freeciv window which contains
icons for all units on the same tile as the active unit. This needs to be 
implemented, but may eventually need code from the map to render the units 
properly.

o Reports

Could make a start on implementing the report dialogs in the Reports menu. 
Again, this is a lot of UI stuff (dialogs), but a bit of network interaction 
probably needed too.

o Other dialogs:

Kingdom Menu:
- Tax Rates
- Worklists
- Find City

Can't get to them yet:
- Unit selection (appears when you double click a unit stack on the map, 
or from the city dialog)
- City creation dialog
- City dialog (will need map code but lots to do first)
- City dialog worklist
- City dialog configure
- City dialog production change
- Message dialog ( this is a popup dialog on the freeciv c client, maybe
we can find a nicer way of doing this - something like the icon messages
in Call to Power??)
- Science dialog



